Over the past few years, I've helped
dozens of SAS companies like RB2B,
Proposify, and Events drive millions in
pipeline and revenue. And I've also
bootstrapped my own company, Breaking
B2B to 140K MR in just 21 months. And
along the way, I've interviewed over 450
SAS marketing leaders to understand
exactly what's driving growth at some of
the fastest growing B2B SAS companies
today. So, in this video, I'll break
down the six best SAS marketing
strategies for 2026, so you know exactly
what to focus on to drive signups,
demos, booked calls, and revenue, and
ignore the vanity metrics. Let's dive
into it. First up, we've got customer
research. Now, you might be thinking,
Sam, we've got AI tools that can do
everything now. We can run surveys, we
can pull insights, my sales team get
recordings, and all this kind of stuff.
The truth is, if you skip or neglect
customer research, everything in your
SAS marketing engine is going to fall
flat. Solid customer research is the
backbone of great B2B and SAS marketing
because without it, your messaging, your
marketing, your content, and much, much
more all falls flat because it doesn't
resonate with your dream clients
problems, goals, and jobs to be done. If
you skip this vital stage, nothing else
really matters when it comes to your SAS
marketing engine. So, my favorite way to
do this is to interview seven to 10
recently won clients. The reason we want
recently won clients is because they
don't have a bias to you. Long-term
customers are already going to really
like you. They're going to like your
service and product. They'll probably be
way too biased and give skewed answers.
So, you want new clients. Ideally, 7 to
10 is quite a decent range, more if you
can, or if you've got some recently
churned clients as well to throw into
the mix, that can give some really
useful and helpful data and insights,
too. And remember, we want to dive deep
to get the truth. We don't want fluffy
answers. We want stuff that's really
going to inform our go to market, our
messaging, and our channels. So, here's
seven of my favorite questions to ask
for your customer interviews. And of
course, you can tweak these, chop and
change them depending on your industry
and the nuances of your dream clients. I
recommend running these sessions on a
Zoom, Google Hangouts, or Riverside
Call, and getting those recorded with an
AI call recorder. So then you can go
through the transcripts and pull the
golden nuggets out at the end which
we'll go through in a sec. All right. So
the seven questions that we recommend
are what was the exact problem that you
were experiencing before reaching out to
our team? What did you do in house to
try and fix that expensive problem? When
did it become so annoying, so
frustrating that you decided to start
evaluating solutions to solve the issue?
Where do you go to when it comes to
getting trusted information to evaluate
or look out for new solutions, vendors
or software? As well as us, what other
competitors did you evaluate in the
process? What made you nearly not choose
us? Perhaps you on the fence for a
little while and what eventually was
that tipping point where you decided it
made sense to work with us? Or of
course, if they didn't decide to work
with you, could you be as blunt as
possible and share all the reasons why
you felt we weren't a good fit? And
lastly, I love this one. What do you
hate most about our industry? And a
quick one on that last point. Our
headline over at breaking B2B is B2B SAS
SEO for revenue, not vanity. I literally
pulled those insights after jumping on
loads of discovery calls with marketing
leaders that said they were tired of
vanity metrics like traffic and rankings
for random keywords that weren't driving
inbound demos, leads, and signups.
Therefore, that resonated with a bunch
of B2B and SAS marketers and we've put
that into our headline over on our
homepage of breaking B2B and it's
actually our strap line in general
tagline messaging now, too. And once
you've recorded those sessions with
recently won or recently churned
customers or a mix of all the above,
then what you want to do is pull all
those transcripts from the call. Run
those through a tool like chat GPT or
similar. And what you want to do is look
for the patterns. Look for the things
that are most frequently said for each
question. So you can start pulling
golden nuggets out to inform your
messaging. And that could be on your
website, on your ads, on your videos, on
your media, on your social posts, and
more. It can also help inform the
channels that you use because you know
where your dream clients are actually
going to to get trusted information. And
it can also help you understand the
actual words your dream clients use to
describe their problems, their jobs to
be done, their goals, their motivations.
So instead of talking in jargon and
using really crazy words like cutting
edge synergy allin-one just this random
sash jargon that companies love to use,
you're actually using the words that
come out of your dream clients mouths
consistently. So you're way more likely
to resonate with them. And like I say,
make a note of the most consistently
said things for each question. Get that
clearly documented so you can start
informing your messaging, your
marketing, the channels you use, and
more. This shouldn't be a one anddone.
We want to constantly collect feedback
from our dream clients, target
prospects, and more so we know exactly
what they care about. We can keep
hitting home when it comes to our
messaging and our go to market. At
Breaking B2B, we do this in a number of
ways. So, I run a podcast called
Breaking B2B where I interview SAS
marketing leaders each and every week to
keep a strong pulse on what SAS
marketing leaders actually care about
and how they're driving growth today.
Each month I hop on calls with our
customers to understand what they're
struggling with, how we can be helping
them further, what channels are working,
what's not, what they think of the
market, so I can keep a good general
pulse on the market when it comes to
SAS. Plus, looking to do more and more
in-person meetups with prospects,
partners, customers, and more. And all
this means we can keep a strong pulse on
exactly what's working today when it
comes to SAS marketing. Like I say, skip
this step at your own demise. Customer
research is the backbone pretty much
[music] anything when it comes to B2B
and SAS marketing. And next up, we got
SEO and AEO. In 2026 and beyond, you
need to be showing up top of Google
organic search and LLMs like Chat GPT.
When your dream clients are ready to
speak to sales and are searching
directly for your software or solution,
when they're comparing vendors, or when
they're frustrated with their existing
vendor, or if they're looking to solve
an expensive problem. If you don't show
up top, you're missing out. Your
competitors are getting a free lunch and
they're stealing all that mind share,
all that traffic, and all those inbound
leads, signups, and demos. And at
Breaking B2B, we practice what we
preach. We are own dog food. So, we're
consistently ranking top when it comes
to Google organic search for money
keywords, bottom of funnel, pipeline
driving keywords on Google organic, like
B2B SAS SEO agency, best SAS SEO
agencies, and a bunch of relevant terms
that attract high intent prospects
looking for our services, and on HFS
here, you can see some of those ranking
[music] in the top spots around all
these money keywords. And likewise on
chat GBT, if we're searching for best
SAS SEO agencies or various longtail
searches and prompts, we can see
breaking B2B mentioned consistently here
to get that important brand mention,
build that mind share, and also direct
folks to our website that have high
intent for our offerings. All of which
enables us to stay top of mind with
dream clients that need our offering.
builds up mind share around our niche
and our industry and most importantly
drives a steady stream of inbound booked
calls from both SEO and AEO. But sadly,
many SAS companies approach SEO
completely wrong. They think they need
12 months minimum to see any results to
see any signups, demos, or calls off the
back of it. But in my experience, many
SAS companies can drive inbound signups,
leads, and demos as quick as 90 days
with the right focus strategy. Here's
our exact approach at breaking B2B when
we work with SAS companies. First, we
want to identify what are your money
keywords or money prompts. I.e., what
does a dream client of yours search for
on Google organic search or an LLM? Not
when they're information gathering or
messing around, but when they have high
sales intent to speak to a sales rep, to
take a trial, or to invest in your
solution today, or when they're
comparing vendors, frustrated with their
existing vendor, or looking to solve an
expensive problem. So, think of searches
like competitor alternative, competitor
1 versus competitor 2, best x software,
bestex tools, bestex platform, or
someone that's looking to solve a very
specific problem or needs a very
specific integration. For example, often
times these money keywords have way
lower search volume in terms of monthly
traffic, but the sales intent is way
higher, so they're way more likely to
drive demos, and they're often lower
keyword difficulty. So, it means they
can rank way faster. And here's a real
example. One of our clients, RB2B,
they're a visitor identification SAS.
They help you identify visitors of your
website at the human at the person level
and flag them up in Slack so your sales
team can reach out and start nurturing
and outreaching those prospects. They're
around 6.3 6.4 million ARR. We're
helping them scale up their SEO and
their AAO engine with a focus on driving
signups, pipeline, and revenues. So
we've recently got them organic number
one in both Google organic search as
well as chat GBT and LLM for a bunch of
money keywords that are driving signups
pipeline and revenue. So things like
best website visitor identification
software we can see them number one and
then competitor alternative terms. So
lead feeder a big competitor to them. So
if someone's perhaps frustrated with
lead feeder or maybe looking to move
away or weighing up their options if
they search lead feeder alternatives we
can see RB2B also taking that top spot
there. And to give you an example, if we
look on Hrefs, an SEO tool at Lead Feed
Alternatives, you can see it's really
easy to rank for, can rank super quick.
Oftentimes, these competitor searches
can rank with quality content with the
right structure and format as fast as 90
days. But we can see it's getting
between 100 to 300 searches per month.
And like you might think, Sam, this
traffic's super low, but I'd much rather
ignoreformational keywords like what is
something or how to do something that
are very unlikely to convert in demos or
signups or leads. I'd way rather focus
on lower traffic, lower volume, but
super high sales intent that's going to
rank way faster and is much more likely
to drive business impact. And that's why
we're a huge fan over at Breaking B2B
for competitor based prompts keywords
because we know the nature of the beast
in SAS especially. Folks get frustrated
with their vendor or they look to weigh
up three, four, five solutions before
taking the plunge and investing. And if
you want to see the full RB2B case study
video, that's around 30 minutes or so.
I'll put that full video just here for
that 6.3 million ARR SAS SEO strategy.
So, a quick snapshot is first and
foremost, we worked out what their money
keywords and prompts were. What were
dream clients searching for when they
needed the solution now, when they're
evaluating vendors, when they're
struggling with the problem they solve,
and so on. Then, we build best-in-class
pages that make sense, that match the
search intent depending on what it was.
So for example with lead feeder
alternatives we know that typically
Google organic as well as LLMs are a big
fan of product listicicals. So we
evaluate the top 10 lead feeder
alternatives for 2026. And how those
blog articles normally work is you have
a bit of an intro. You position your own
software as number one but you back it
by customer research. So instead of just
talking about how great you are and how
awesome you are, you talk about why
customers actually choose you. Your
differentiators in the marketplace,
where you shine out, where you're not a
good fit. You leverage social proof,
customer quotes, case study review
videos. You show your product in action
under the bonnet. You show the aha
moment of your product. So in RB2B's
case, when a visitor hits your website
and then it pings through to Slack, so
you can see that exact person that's
visiting your website right in real
time. And then you do a fair comparison
of the other vendors in your space
below. And like I say, these listicles
rank super well on Google organic and
also give you great visibility in Chat
GBT and LLMs as well as AI overviews in
Google. So we hit the search intent.
Depending on what the money keywords or
prompts were, that might have been a
bunch of list of calls for alternatives
or competitors. That might have been
landing pages. That could have been
product pages, integration pages, all
more in priority order of what's most
likely to drive signups in the quickest
time possible. Prioritizing those low
difficulty, sometimes lower traffic, but
super high sales intent pages. And then
we started earning DA50 plus solid niche
relevant back links to juice up some of
the pages that had a lot of competition.
And as well as building all these pages,
putting all these lines in the water on
our own website, building all these
listicles out, landing pages, product
pages, integration pages, and more, and
really trying to control the narrative,
we also started getting RB2B features on
external websites that had listicles. So
listical articles talking about products
in their niche, evaluating that kind of
software, those kind of tools. And
again, that gives us a great boost for
classic SEO with the backlink gives us a
solid brand mention, which helps AI and
LLM visibility. also can help direct
sign up and demo flow from people just
seeing us as a top three placement in
these external lists. And as a result of
this work, RB2B is now ranking top for
many of their money keywords and
prompts. Traffic from these money
keywords is up 50% and we've seen a 201%
growth in organic signup page hits. And
not to mention everything we can
attribute directly. all those prospects
that see to be mentioned in Google AI
overviews or in chat GBT or see them top
of Google organic search maybe hit the
page flag it up with their exec team and
then go direct to the website later so
it doesn't get attribution from SEO or
LLMs but they convert at a later stage
but SEO or AEO was the first piece of
that puzzle and like I say we also
practice what we preach at breaking B2B
so we make sure we're showing top around
SAS SEO agency best SAS SEO agencies and
similar terms so when dream clients need
our offer we're affiliating our own dog
food and getting that visibility and
building that trust with the market just
like many SAS companies should do with
their tools, products or software. The
bottom line is if you're not showing up
top of Google organic AI searches and
LLMs when dream clients are evaluating
solutions like yours have intent for
your product tool or offering are
comparing vendors frustrated with their
existing vendor or looking to solve an
expensive problem. You're almost
invisible. All your competitors will be
eating your lunch, grabbing that brand,
that mind share, that inbound traffic,
that inbound pipeline, and most
importantly, stealing that revenue that
could be yours if you invested in a
solid AO and SEO program. By the way, if
you want to start driving a steady
stream of demos, book calls, and signups
through SEO and AEO, why not grab a call
with me over at breakingb2.com?
We can chat through exactly where you're
at now, where you'd like to get to, and
see if we're a great fit to start
driving organic pipeline and visibility
for your business. So grab a call over
at breakingb2.com or hit the link in the
description below. Next up, we've got
niche influencer partnerships. So this
has been an absolute gamecher for our
business breaking B2B. In short, it's
about partnering with folks that have
your exact dream clients as their
audience, ideally on platforms like
LinkedIn, which is where a lot of our
ICPs hang out, but yours might be
another channel. So to give you a real
life example of what we're doing right
now in this space, we're partnering with
two niche relevant influencers. So we're
partnering with Adam Robinson, the
founder over at RB2B and Adam Holgren,
the founder over at Fiba. And in our
case, both these folks have a strong
following on LinkedIn of our ICP SAS
marketing leaders and SAS founders. So,
we're running their entire SEO and AEO
engine, and all of us are documenting
the full journey across LinkedIn,
sharing the ups, the downs, the plan of
actions, the results, the case studies,
and more. Plus, I'm even talking about
it on the YouTube channel and the
podcast. So, how it works step by step
is each month I'll do a long- form
organic post on LinkedIn showing the
full strategy for the month ahead in
terms of the SEO and AEO work we're
doing. But in your case, of course, it
could be completely different relative
to the nuances of the software or the
solution that you're providing, how it's
helping them, why you're doing it, and
more. We basically share a road map of
this is exactly the plan of action. So
to drive organic signups, leads, and
demos as quick as humanly possible
through SEO and AO. This is why we're
doing it. This is the full road map.
These are the assets we're going to
build for the month ahead. So the
content work, the link building work,
the brand mentioning work, the technical
work, and more. And we share live
results and impact as we see them come
in. And so it's basically a live case
study that folks can follow along that
they post about and we post about. So
why is this so effective when the world
we're in now when so much can be
pretended and faked with AI. The trust
it builds when a founder or an ICP is
posting directly about working with you
showing the ups, the downs, the results,
the trust it builds is unbeaten.
Prospects can see exactly what we're
doing under the bonnet. In our industry
SEO, there's so much smoke and mirrors.
And I'm sure your niche, your industry,
there's so much of the same as well. we
want to show under the bonnet of what
we're actually doing to drive impact on
pipeline. This way our ICP can follow
along and see the results we get in real
time. And as an example, if folks see
exactly what we're doing for RB2B that
are around 6.4 million ARR right now,
they might think, well, if they can do
it for them, perhaps they can run our
SEO in our AEO engine. So think exactly
the same for your SAS software or
solution. Who can you find that has a
strong clout when it comes to their
founder brand or their exact brand on
LinkedIn or similar channels that you
might be able to partner with and do
some kind of reciprocal business that
can build solid trust in your market?
And because this has worked so well to
ramp up trust and inbound calls for us
over at Breaking B2B, looking to bring
on more relevant influencers in this
space. And at four, we've got YouTube
and podcasting. When it comes to
YouTube, so few B2B and SAS companies
are nailing it. Many use YouTube as a
dumping ground for random webinars, old
content, and more instead of having that
YouTube first video approach. Therefore,
the playing field is wide open for SAS
companies that want to take it
seriously. At Breaking B2B, we share
playbooks each and every week just like
I'm doing now across SAS SEO, SAS
marketing, AI search, AEO. We share our
full case studies, playbooks,
walkthroughs, guides, and more. exact
step by steps of what's working today to
drive pipeline through SEO. The good
thing about this is the videos are
evergreen and searchable both within
YouTube. They can be pulled up in Google
organic search and LLMs like chat GPT.
This means the videos can drive trust,
mind share, even inbound leads, demos or
signups not just now but for months and
years to come. Plus, we embed these
YouTube videos, the guides, the
playbooks, the how-tos, the
walkthroughs, as well as the results
across our landing pages, articles, our
case studies, and more. And it gives us
a little uptick in organic search. You
can even get more clickthroughs on your
classic organic rankings as you can
sometimes get a little thumbnail next to
your organic rankings on Google as well
as being shown in Google's video
listings. And as well as that, because
we have this YouTube first approach,
making sure our videos are super
polished and well edited, we also chop
them up for LinkedIn. So we can chop up
the hook or bits and pieces of the
video, publish them with a long- form
text post alongside which can gain
engagement, drive more folks to the
YouTube, to our lead magnet and more.
And on the podcast side of things, the
breaking B2B podcast, most weeks we'll
interview SAS marketing leaders to sit
down with them and share exactly how
they're driving growth of their company
today. So, it'll be no fluff, no
background stories, pure actionable tips
with a step by step of the exact
channel, strategy, or playbook that
they're running that drives growth,
pipeline, signups, and revenue. Today,
we'll dig deep so anyone tuning in can
learn, copy, and apply it themselves. At
this stage, we've done over 450
interviews over the last 5 to 6 years.
So, there's a massive backlog of
episodes that you can dive into if you
want to learn B2B marketing or SAS
marketing yourself. And it even works as
a bit of an ABM and accountbased
marketing play cuz a lot of these SAS
marketing leaders are potential
prospects. So some of those eventually
become our customers, refer business to
us or they share the episodes and the
content after the fact which promotes
our podcast to a wider network of more
ICPs and dream clients. So it has this
really strong evergreen and flywheel
effect. So building a niche relevant
podcast for your industry and
interviewing target prospects and dream
clients is a real win-win for your SAS
company. And the good thing about this
strategy is the results are compounding.
So, just like SEO and the evergreen
effect of folks searching for you,
searching for your solution, searching
for problems you solve, comparing you to
others, YouTube is much the same. So,
we're getting more and more prospects
that mention that they found us on
YouTube or they searched for us on SEO,
then saw some of our YouTube videos,
checked us out on LinkedIn, and
eventually booked a call. Next up, we've
got building a founder brand on
LinkedIn. I think if you're ignoring
building a founder brand on LinkedIn or
a similar channel in 2026, you're just
sleeping on building trust with your
market, driving inbound leads, building
partnerships, getting potential
customers, and way more. Even though
channels like LinkedIn are becoming more
and more paytoplay, there's still plenty
of organic reach up for the taking,
conversations to be had with your ICP,
building trust in your market, and way
more. So, the pros far outweigh the cons
when it comes to building a founder or
an exact brand on LinkedIn. So, the
playbook I run for my company, Breaking
B2B, in my personal brand on LinkedIn. I
basically try to do the opposite of what
most SEO agency founders are doing. I
find a lot of B2B marketing and SEO
content quite dull, dry, and boring. So,
my strategy really is to get attention
first from dream clients and then link
it back to our solution and our offer.
So that could be anything from posting
memes, doing man on the street
interviews, asking folks what they think
SEO means, if AI killed SEO, how to rank
top of Google, or how to rank top of
chat GBT. It could be a funny video,
like for example, a while back we did a
Nickelback spoof video talking about how
hard B2B marketers have it and playing
on some of the things that their exec
team might be asking them to do. Or it
could be other video skits, me dressing
up as SEO man, or something completely
different that we're doing as an
experiment. And of course, we share
strategies of what's working today when
it comes to AI search and SEO, full
playbooks and rundowns and how-tos and
case studies and results that we're
seeing for our SAS clients. As well as
that, I try and comment on five or so
relevant industry folks. That could be
potential partners, potential ICPs,
prospects, even competitors with more
value ad focused approach. So maybe my
two cents on their post or what we're
seeing working today. So instead of just
liking posts and putting great content
that doesn't really do anything right
now at the time of recording you can
actually get some pretty good numbers
when it comes to impressions by
commenting on niche relevant posts like
I say competitors or ICPs or prospects
or partners your dream clients might be
looking at the post in the comment
section. So if you can put some kind of
value ad, maybe say something like like
this take, but my two cents would be to
do XYZ or we're seeing this work in the
market or have you considered this or I
actually tried this and got this result
or this is what we're seeing work today
to really leverage your point of view,
your thoughts, your experience, your
expertise in the market and also drive
folks to your profile or even
potentially your website. Not only this,
but building in public is a big thing I
believe right now as part of founder
brand. of breaking B2B. We're often
sharing our revenue numbers, what's
working, what's not, what we're doing to
improve our agency, our customer
success, our support, and much, much
more. What channels are working well,
how we're practicing what we preach with
SEO and AO, the channels that fail, the
channels that work really, really good,
and everything else in between, almost
like an open book. And I believe that's
really important to stand out right now
in the AI world that we're running in.
And I suppose the last piece of the
puzzle was treating your LinkedIn page
as a landing page. Just making sure it
clearly shares exactly what you do, how
you help, why you has plenty of proof of
results and makes it nice and easy for
folks to click through to your website,
see your pricing, see your results, and
then they can grab a call on your site.
And lastly, we've got LinkedIn ads. So,
I say LinkedIn's getting tougher and
tougher when it comes to organic reach.
Therefore, thought leader ads are a
solid bet. So if your founder or other
execs, marketers, revenue leaders, ops
leaders, tech leaders, whoever it might
be, maybe your founder or a few folks
within your organization that have a
decent following of your ICP and get
some okay reach when it comes to
LinkedIn, perhaps it's worth considering
running thought leader ads to their
content. So maybe you can do a mix of
topfunnel content like you might be
experiencing these problems. This is one
way to look at it. Maybe some midfunnel
playbooks, examples, how-tos, etc. and
maybe some bottom funnel stuff like case
studies, clients results, client review
videos, and more. Then I'd recommend
editing the post you want to run thought
leader ads, too. So, make sure you've
got a call to action link at the bottom
of the post. Maybe that sends them to a
landing page or your website or
otherwise so they can take some kind of
action. And then what we do at breaking
B2B is we retarget all our traffic. So,
we target our ICPs that have come in
through SEO or maybe a flick to the
website through Google Ads or flick to
the site through YouTube or otherwise.
so we can stay top of mind with those
potential prospects as well as the leads
in the pipeline. Now, plus we have a
list of cold ICPs that we run these ads
to. Where I really see the gold and the
value here is if you're consistently
shown to ICPS to those warm prospects
that are in the pipeline now, but maybe
not ready to buy just yet, but they
constantly see helpful tips, playbooks,
advice. Maybe you're doing stuff a
little bit different, like I said, so
you're getting their attention, but
you're linking it back to useful and
helpful educational content. You've got
the proof. If you've got the case
studies, client review videos, and more,
because they keep seeing you, because
you're top of mind, you're way likely to
be the one they choose and the one they
book a call with when they're ready to
speak to sales or grab that demo or sign
up. And we've got a small budget right
now of around 2K USD a month on LinkedIn
ads, but we're still seeing booked calls
come in on a steady basis that mention
they found us or saw us through
LinkedIn. Now, if you want to see how we
can drive pipeline for your SAS company
as quick as 90 days through SEO and AEO,
why not grab a call with me over at
breakingb2.com or hit the link in the
description below. We'll share
actionable tips so you can start
outranking your competitors, building
mind share, and drive a steady stream of
signups, leads, and demos. So again,
visit breakingb2b.com or hit the link
below. Or if you're not ready yet, why
not check out my 90 days to revenue SEO
playbook and video course. Just head
over to breakingb2tb.com and hit that
newsletter tab and you can unlock it
instantly. Or of course you can check
out the breaking B2B podcast for
interviews with SAS marketing leaders
each and every week. And with that, I
shall catch you on the next one. Cheers.